Update Color foundation page (#4064)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/foundations/color.mdx

title: Color
layout: DetailTechnical
data:

---

> Colors can be used to communicate meaning, suggest a visual hierarchy, and help distinguish our products from others while providing a cohesive and accessible experience. In the Salt design system, colors are divided into several categories to convey different concepts. 

Reviewer: Even though this was from the old copy, I don't think "our" products makes sense here.

```suggestion
Colors can be used to communicate meaning, suggest a visual hierarchy, and help distinguish products from others while providing a cohesive and accessible experience. In the Salt design system, colors are divided into several categories to convey different concepts. 
```

Reviewer: Also it is worth mentioning that only color can't be used to communicate meaning, should we add colors can be used with text or icons to communicate meaning?

> The colors referenced on this page are part of the Salt legacy color library. If you are using the Salt Next theme please refer to the separate color palette and listed guidance on the [Theming page](/salt-ds/blob/colorchangesdoc/site/docs/theming/index.mdx). 

Reviewer: Should this be in a callout?

Reviewer: Are we happy to refer to current salt as "legacy"

## Status

> Status is a visual indicator or cue that communicates the current state or condition of a system, component or process to the user. Status helps users to understand what’s happening in the interface, whether it be the progress of a task, availability of a feature or the success of an action. It can be used independent of sentiment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status is a visual indicator or cue that communicates the current state or condition of a system, component, or process to the user. It helps users understand what’s happening in the interface, whether it be the progress of a task, the availability of a feature or the success of an action. Status can be used independent of sentiment. 
```
Also "in the interface" doesn't make sense to me

> The Salt design system has 4 status types: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Salt design system has 4 statuses: 
```
?

1. Success = green
1. Info = accent (blue or teal)
1. Warning = orange
1. Error = red

## Sentiment

> Sentiment differs from status in that it is the emotional response or attitude that users experience when interacting with a user interface. It encompasses how components and design elements evoke feelings of positivity, negativity, comfort, trust, or frustration in users. It should always communicate important information. 

Author: Good point. Discussed this with Paul (10/09) and decided to add short section for neutrality as well.

title: Color
layout: DetailTechnical
data:

---

> Colors can be used to communicate meaning, establish visual hierarchy, and differentiate Salt products from others, all while ensuring a cohesive and accessible experience. Colors are divided into several categories to communicate several concepts across the Salt design system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Colors can be used to communicate meaning, establish visual hierarchy, and differentiate products, all while ensuring a cohesive and accessible experience. Colors are divided into several categories to communicate several concepts across the Salt design system.
```

Do we have to limit this to Salt products? Also "from others" feels a bit redundant?

title: Color
layout: DetailTechnical
data:
---

Colors can be used to communicate meaning, establish visual hierarchy, and differentiate products, all while ensuring a cohesive and accessible experience. Colors are divided into several categories to communicate several concepts across the Salt design system.

> The raw color values on this page reference the current Salt theme. If you’re using the Salt Next theme please refer to the separate color palette and listed guidance on the [Themes page](/salt/theming/index).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The raw color values on this page reference the current Salt theme. If you’re using the Salt Next theme please refer to the separate color palette and listed guidance on the [Themes page](/salt/themes/index).
```

## Status

> Status colors help users understand what’s happening, what actions are needed, and whether any issues need to be addressed. They can be used to reflect changes in the state or condition of a system or process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status colors help users understand what’s happening, what actions are needed, and whether any issues need to be addressed. These colors can be used to reflect changes in the state or condition of a system or process.
```

> Status colors help users understand what’s happening, what actions are needed, and whether any issues need to be addressed. These colors can be used to reflect changes in the state or condition of a system or process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status colors are visual indicators that reflect changes in the state or condition of a system or process. These colors help users understand what’s happening, what actions are needed, and whether any issues need to be addressed.
```

The Salt design system includes 4 statuses with corresponding colors:

| Status  | Color                               |
| ------- | ----------------------------------- |
| Info    | Accent (Blue or teal in Next theme) |
| Error   | Red                                 |
| Warning | Orange                              |
| Success | Green                               |

## Sentiment

Sentiment colors guide users through an interface by providing visual cues about potential outcomes. These colors evoke specific feelings such as negativity, cautiousness, comfort, trust or positivity.

The Salt design system includes 5 sentiments with associated colors:

| Sentiment | Color                     | Feeling     |
| --------- | ------------------------- | ----------- |
| Negative  | Red                       | Negativity  |
| Caution   | Orange                    | Carefulness |
| Neutral   | Gray                      | Comfort     |

> | Accented  | Blue (Teal in Next theme) | Trust       |

Author: Good point, it's misleading - changing this to read better
